Steve: Extra experience in here.
Steve: Oh. Hey.
Jane: Hi. I can hear me.
Steve: All right, if you're going to go in the closet and I'm gonna stay here.
Steve: Why
Steve: Wait, what
Steve: Oh yeah cuz it'll be loud. Yeah, let's get
Jane: Loud or quiet.
Steve: No, it's a good idea. I'm venture to do your Bernie Sanders impression now.
Jane: I can't do. I can't give you a Bernie Sanders.
Jane: Bernie Sander
Jane: What I could give you
Steve: All right.
Jane: This is good. This is saying my internet connection is unstable.
Steve: Oh, awesome.
Jane: I'm gonna I'm gonna switch internet
Jane: Connection.
Okay.
Jane: Okay, I'm back.
Yeah.
Steve: I'm on waiting on the elevator. Okay.
Steve: All right.
Steve: Yeah, literally what I was just thinking
Steve: Second floor.
Seven.
Steve: You're welcome.
Jane: Transcript of this
Jane: Because it's about to get weird.
But
Jane: Maybe we should say
Jane: A quick Thanks in advance.
Steve: Well, it's, um, I bet it's gonna be mission transcribed.
Steve: Okay.
Jane: If it's not machine transcription. If there's a person who's transcribing it
Jane: Give us a give us an indicator that you're human.
Steve: Yeah, let us know.